Background Problem
On the geographical Information System has two lines, namely data raster and vector data. 
Raster data is a way to determine a layout of the area on the Earth's surface, while the 
vector data is how to determine the layout of the area either up, down, and also the determination 
of how much of the city in a location that is in the Earth's surface by using points, lines, 
and polygon. The way that we use on the determination of the amount of the city at a location 
using python due to easy and simple.

1 What is a geospatial data?
2 what is a Vector data in Geospatial?
3 What is Raster data in Geospatial?
4 What's the way to look at the number of shapefile?
5 What is Python?


Geospatial data is data associated with a geographic location, characteristics of an object 
of nature and manmade or under and above the Earth's surface. 
In Geospatial are divided into two types, namely
-
-Cultural geospatial data that is the result of human civilization, in that there are cultural 
boundaries of the region.
-
-Physical i.e. fata a geospatial look visually.


In the Geospatial is divided into 2 parts, namely vector and raster.


Vector data is data which has a point, line and polygon. 
Vector data can be used for the purposes of the draft development on the map.

Raster data is data that is stored in the form of a rectangular-shaped 
kotakk and its value using the color images, thus formed a regular space.


Vector data can also be explained by a data that can be presented as a mosaic of the Earth line, 
point, and polygon as above already described above. In the vector data that there is a class, i.e. 
one shapefile or shp.

Shapefile/shp
Shapefile or shp is a vector data format used in geographic information Systems software. 
This shapefile is used to store the data storage location, forms, attributes, and geographical features. 
Data is like a river, street, zip code etc. to be stored in the shapefile.


-How to see number of shapefile
To see the number of this shapefile we use python, 
Because by using the python makes it easy for us and also belongs to the simple to use it.

-Python
A programming language that is easy to dipahamin and has an efficient data strukur. 
And this we can apply python in penentua number of shapefile.
